Mr. Shen, you said that Zhao Huiyue lives here
Well, Mr. Shen
And how disrespectful it was before
Here's my card.
Let me know if you need anything at the Lieutenant Colonel in the future
Got it.
This is for you.
Just think of it as a thank you gift for sending me
Grandpa asked me to send it
What kind of monster is it?
You are
cousin
Shen Rong, oops.
Haven't seen you in 5 years
You're finally back.
Come in quickly
Haven't seen you in years
Uncle is getting more and more energetic
It's like a new sister, right?
as new
You've grown so big, Ruxin, don't hurry up and call someone
Don't forget Sheng Rong is engaged to you.
Yes, Mom.
What era are you in and you still have a model marriage?
Okay, the breach of contract is over
Just forget about it.
Or does my boss love me?
The idol in my heart is the first strong woman in the middle and lower classes
Qin Mengying
This ordinary man is not worthy of me, haha.